Being human can be hard under the best of circumstances. When anxiety, panic, obsessive thoughts, repetitive behaviors, and difficulties in interpersonal relationships are added, the challenges can be daunting. It is a true honor to be able to accompany people on their journey towards better navigating the challenges of life with greater calm, curiosity, compassion, and courage, as well as deeper connections with those around them.
As a Licensed Professional Counselor and Certified Clinical Hypnotherapist, I have the privilege of working with clients to discover their path towards a meaningful, authentic, and rewarding life. 
I come to the field of counseling after 15 years in the corporate world as a consultant, instructor, and writer. My experience working with individuals with high anxiety have informed my interest in helping people overcome difficulties and achieve their potential. My areas of interest and experience are two-fold: Anxiety and Relationships, which are often related, and other times completely independent of each other. 
On the Anxiety side, I specialize in OCD, trichotillomania, skin picking, generalized anxiety, panic, trauma, and hoarding. I am passionate about working with individuals who suffer from Body Focused Repetitive Behaviors – a condition with which I personally struggled for over 15 years. I am equally passionate about working with people through their intimate relationships, helping couples and families improve their communication and restore trust, using Emotionally Focused Therapy.
My approach to therapy includes implementing Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy (CBT), using Exposure and Response Prevention (ERP), Comprehensive Behavioral Therapy (ComB), Emotionally Focused Therapy (EFT), Internal Family Systems (IFS), mindfulness-based psychotherapy, processing past and present experiences, experiential techniques, and other evidence-based treatments. 
I am dedicated to helping clients build insight and self-awareness by providing them with a warm, safe, and accepting space in which to develop the skills that will lead them to a healthier more empowered existence. I believe that looking at the connection between the mind, body, and emotions can help promote a more balanced life.